---
title: High Net Worth Homepage (US|EN)
url: https://www.edwardjones.com/us-en/hnw/generations
date: '2025-04-17'
author: sanchit.sabharwal
feed_url: http://www.edwardjones.com/rss.xml
---
High Net Worth Homepage (US|EN) sanchit.sabharwal Thu, 04/17/2025 - 03:15 Off
  generations Read the video transcript Read the video transcript mute background video
  Play Video
  true
  play background video It’s time to build a future that’s so much more than what you leave behind. Introducing Edward Jones Generations®— a private client service designed around your individual needs and goals. Discover how we can help you define and refine your vision and make an impact that can last for generations to come. H1
  pause background video
  unmute background video
  On
  Play Video H2 The same values you hold dear, and that helped you build your wealth, are what inspired Edward D. Jones Sr. to hang up his shingle back in 1922. This has allowed us to support seven generations of clients so far and inspires our commitment to generations yet to come. In fact, that's why we've created an exclusive new offering built entirely around you. We have a century-long legacy of helping clients define theirs. Ted Jones at a ribbon-cutting event for a new branch opening A plethora of balloons being launched into a blue sky during an event A child and mother planting trees during a community service project A financial advisor working with his client H2 We know how much effort and energy it took to get where you are today. That’s exactly why we’ll put the same level of dedication into designing a plan that caters to your specific circumstances from the beginning. This white-glove experience is well-deserved — and well-crafted. Here are the services and programs you can expect to receive:
  H3 Personalized, ongoing financial planning We’ll take the time to deeply understand the values that guide you, the plans you have for today and the aspirations you have for tomorrow. By focusing on what matters most to you, we’ll be able to develop detailed financial planning that’s both comprehensive and customized for you. *Edward Jones does not provide tax or legal advice. Please consult your CPA or attorney as appropriate. **Trust and related services are provided by Edward Jones Trust Company (EJTC), an affiliate of Edward D. Jones & Co., LP. (Edward Jones). EJTC is a federally chartered savings association, and Edward Jones is a dually registered broker-dealer and investment adviser. Important Disclosures Dedicated team of specialists
  
    


  A diagram that illustrates how the Edward Jones Generations team will partner with its client With Generations, you instantly extend and amplify your network of specialists and strategists. Together with your Edward Jones financial advisor, our financial planning and portfolio, trust**, tax- and estate-planning* specialists will work with you to create a holistic plan that’s personalized to you. Don’t already have an Edward Jones financial advisor? We’re happy to connect you with one. Please read these important disclosures. *Edward Jones does not provide tax or legal advice. Tax or legal advice can be provided by third-party relationships offered through Generations or your own CPA or attorney, as appropriate. **Trust and related services are provided by Edward Jones Trust Company (EJTC), an affiliate of Edward D. Jones & Co., LP. (Edward Jones). EJTC is a federally chartered savings association, and Edward Jones is a dually registered broker-dealer and investment adviser. Important Disclosures Comprehensive products & services As your wealth grows, the way you approach its management becomes more varied and complex. To anticipate those evolving needs, we’ve expanded the types of solutions you have access to, including: financial planning, investment management, alternative investments, tax & estate strategies*, trust planning**, philanthropic solutions, business succession planning, cash management and lending options. Please read these important disclosures. *Edward Jones does not provide tax or legal advice. Tax or legal advice can be provided by third-party relationships offered through Generations or your own CPA or attorney, as appropriate. **Trust and related services are provided by Edward Jones Trust Company (EJTC), an affiliate of Edward D. Jones & Co., LP. (Edward Jones). EJTC is a federally chartered savings association, and Edward Jones is a dually registered broker-dealer and investment adviser. Important Disclosures Highly tailored experience The entire Generations team will work in harmony to deliver continual financial management and support, including regular check-ins about key topics that you’ve identified are most important to you. That way, we'll be able to help you with a plan that remains relevant to you as your life changes over time. *Edward Jones does not provide tax or legal advice. Please consult your CPA or attorney as appropriate. **Trust and related services are provided by Edward Jones Trust Company (EJTC), an affiliate of Edward D. Jones & Co., LP. (Edward Jones). EJTC is a federally chartered savings association, and Edward Jones is a dually registered broker-dealer and investment adviser. Important Disclosures H2 Each of our clients relates to their wealth in their own unique ways. However, there are a few common threads that might help you decide if Generations is right for you. How do you define a life well-lived? in your financial landscape Growing complexity
  Growing complexity in your financial landscape 10
  Investable assets of
  $
  Investable assets of ten million dollars or more
  M+
  1 more meaning to your wealth A desire to add
  A desire to add more meaning to your wealth H2 We’d like to set up some time to meet you and get a better sense of your needs, wants and wishes, and answer any questions you may have. To start that conversation, please connect with your Edward Jones financial advisor. Or if you don’t already have one, click the button below. Let us help you navigate the path that lies ahead. Get in Touch true Generations
