---
title: Bridge Builder Small/Mid Cap Growth Fund
url: https://www.edwardjones.com/us-en/bridgebuilder/bridge-builder-small-mid-cap-growth-fund
date: '2025-01-22'
author: dudkela.dastagiri
feed_url: http://www.edwardjones.com/rss.xml
---
Bridge Builder Small/Mid Cap Growth Fund dudkela.dastagiri Wed, 01/22/2025 - 04:02 Off
  bridge-builder-small-mid-cap-growth-fund funds-hero-3.jpg BRIDGE BUILDER SMALL/MID CAP GROWTH FUND
  BRIDGE BUILDER SMALL/MID CAP GROWTH FUND
  Off BBGSX | Bridge Builder Small/Mid Cap Growth Fund Overview Objective The Bridge Builder Small/Mid Cap Growth Fund aims to provide capital appreciation. Strategy The Small/Mid Cap Growth Fund primarily invests in equity securities of small and mid capitalization, which are defined as those whose market capitalizations typically fall within the range of the Russell MidCap® Index and the Russell 2000® Index. The Fund follows an investing style that favors growth investments and employs a multi-manager sub-advised structure. *Contractual fee waivers in effect through October 28, 2026. Investment Sub-advisers Artisan Partners Limited Partnership Invests primarily in mid capitalization companies. The team seeks to identify companies that possess franchise characteristics, are benefiting from an accelerating profit cycle and are trading at a discount to its estimate of private market value. Champlain Investment Partners, LLC Seeks capital appreciation by investing in common stocks of medium-sized companies that it believes have strong long-term fundamentals, superior capital appreciation potential and attractive valuations. Champlain expects to identify a diversified universe of medium-sized companies that trade at a discount to their estimated or intrinsic fair values. Driehaus Capital Management LLC Primarily invests in the equity securities of U.S. small capitalization and U.S. medium capitalization companies. Driehaus believes that fundamentally strong companies are more likely to generate superior earnings growth on a sustained basis and are more likely to experience positive earnings revisions. Investment decisions involve evaluating a company’s competitive position and industry dynamics, identifying potential growth catalysts and assessing the financial position of the company. Eagle Asset Management, Inc. Invests primarily in small capitalization companies. The team focuses on investing in companies that demonstrate growth potential at a price that does not appear to reflect the company’s true underlying value. The portfolio managers use a three-pronged investment philosophy: quality, valuation, and balance. Federated MDTA LLC Federated MDT primarily invests in the common stock of small U.S. companies. Federated MDT implements its strategy using a quantitative model driven by fundamental and technical stock selection variables. This process seeks to impose strict discipline over stock selection, unimpeded by market or manager psychology. The process also takes into account trading costs in an effort to ensure that trades are generated only to the extent they are expected to be profitable on an after-trading cost basis. Additionally, risk is controlled through diversification constraints which limit exposure to individual companies as well as groups of correlated companies. Russell Investment Management, LLC Completion Portfolio: Russell’s completion portfolio strategy will position its sleeve to better align the Fund’s overall positioning with Portfolio Solutions Team's (PST) targeted design. As an example, Russell's completion sleeve may help reduce overweight/underweights to things such as individual stocks, sectors or factors to acceptable levels determined and communicated to Russell by PST. For a more comprehensive review of the sleeve's benefits and risks, please reference the Fund's prospectus. Russell Investment Management, LLC Cash Equitization: Russell will utilize derivatives to gain equity market exposure for the cash held within the Fund. This strategy seeks to reduce the anticipated long-term, negative impact of cash drag on the Fund’s performance. Stephens Investment Management Group, LLC Employs a disciplined, bottom-up investment selection process that combines rigorous fundamental analysis with quantitative screening in an effort to identify companies that exhibit potential for superior earnings growth that is unrecognized by the markets. <i>BlackRock Investment Management, LLC<i/>
  Off
  H3 Invests in equity securities with the objective of approximating the capitalization weighted total rate of return of the segment of the United States market for publicly traded equity securities represented by the Russell 1000® Growth Index. Info Icon Tiles (2 in a Row) Performance On
  Performance Disclaimer Historical Distributions On Fund Literature Access fund literature from the following links. Fact Sheet bb-download.png Summary Prospectus bb-download.png LEARN MORE LEARN MORE Footer top | BB Fund Disclaimer | SMCGF Bridgebuilder
