---
title: Bridge Builder Large Cap Value Fund
url: https://www.edwardjones.com/us-en/bridgebuilder/bridge-builder-large-cap-value-fund
date: '2025-01-22'
author: dudkela.dastagiri
feed_url: http://www.edwardjones.com/rss.xml
---
Bridge Builder Large Cap Value Fund dudkela.dastagiri Wed, 01/22/2025 - 04:02 Off
  bridge-builder-large-cap-value-fund funds-hero-3.jpg BRIDGE BUILDER LARGE CAP VALUE FUND
  BRIDGE BUILDER LARGE CAP VALUE FUND
  Off BBVLX | Bridge Builder Large Cap Value Fund Overview Objective The Bridge Builder Large Cap Value Fund aims to provide capital appreciation. Strategy The Large Cap Value Fund primarily invests in equity securities of large-capitalization companies, which are defined as those whose market capitalizations typically fall within the range of the Russell 1000® Index. The Fund follows an investing style that favors value investments and employs a multi-manager sub-advised structure. *Contractual fee waivers in effect through October 28, 2026. Investment Sub-advisers Artisan Partners Limited Partnership Employs a fundamental investment process to construct a diversified portfolio of equity securities that are undervalued, in solid financial condition, and have attractive business economics. Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss, LLC Believes that market inefficiencies can best be exploited through adherence to a value-oriented investment process dedicated to the selection of securities on a bottom-up basis. Barrow Hanley implements this strategy by seeking to construct portfolios of individual stocks that reflect all three value characteristics: price/earnings and price/book ratios below the market, and dividend yields above the market (as measured by the S&P 500 Index). LSV Asset Management Primarily invests in large and medium capitalization U.S. companies. LSV uses a bottom-up investment style, seeking to identify companies that are trading at prices substantially below their intrinsic value. Russell Investment Management, LLC Completion Portfolio: Russell’s completion portfolio strategy will position its sleeve to better align the Fund’s overall positioning with Portfolio Solutions Team's (PST) targeted design. As an example, Russell's completion sleeve may help reduce overweight/underweights to things such as individual stocks, sectors or factors to acceptable levels determined and communicated to Russell by PST. For a more comprehensive review of the sleeve's benefits and risks, please reference the Fund's prospectus. Russell Investment Management, LLC Cash Equitization: Russell will utilize derivatives to gain equity market exposure for the cash held within the Fund. This strategy seeks to reduce the anticipated long-term, negative impact of cash drag on the Fund’s performance. T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. T. Rowe Price’s active investment approach emphasizes the value of large-capitalization stocks that have a strong track record of paying dividends or that appear to be undervalued by various measures and may be temporarily out of favor but have good prospects for capital appreciation and dividend growth. Wellington Management Company LLP Uses substantial proprietary, fundamental research resources to identify companies with superior prospects for dividend growth and capital appreciation that sell at reasonable valuation levels. Wellington Management believes that above-average growth in dividends is an effective and often overlooked indicator of higher quality, shareholder-oriented companies that have the ability to produce consistent, above-average returns over the long term. <i>BlackRock Investment Management, LLC<i/>
  Off
  H3 Invests in equity securities with the objective of approximating the capitalization weighted total rate of return of the segment of the United States market for publicly traded equity securities represented by the Russell 1000® Growth Index. Info Icon Tiles (2 in a Row) Performance On
  Performance Disclaimer Historical Distributions On Fund Literature Access fund literature from the following links. Fact Sheet bb-download.png Summary Prospectus bb-download.png LEARN MORE LEARN MORE Footer top | BB Fund Disclaimer | LCVF Bridgebuilder
