---
title: Bridge Builder Small/Mid Cap Value Fund
url: https://www.edwardjones.com/us-en/bridgebuilder/bridge-builder-small-mid-cap-value-fund
date: '2025-01-22'
author: dudkela.dastagiri
feed_url: http://www.edwardjones.com/rss.xml
---
Bridge Builder Small/Mid Cap Value Fund dudkela.dastagiri Wed, 01/22/2025 - 04:02 Off
  bridge-builder-small-mid-cap-value-fund funds-hero-3.jpg BRIDGE BUILDER SMALL/MID CAP VALUE FUND
  BRIDGE BUILDER SMALL/MID CAP VALUE FUND
  Off BBVSX | Bridge Builder Small/Mid Cap Value Fund Overview Objective The Bridge Builder Small/Mid Cap Value Fund aims to provide capital appreciation. Strategy The Small/Mid Cap Value Fund primarily invests in equity securities of small and mid capitalization companies, which are defined as those whose market capitalizations typically fall within the range of the Russell MidCap® Index and the Russell 2000® Index. The Fund follows an investing style that favors value investments and employs a multi-manager sub-advised structure. *Contractual fee waivers in effect through October 28, 2026. Investment Sub-advisers American Century Investment Management, Inc. American Century invests 80% of the portion of the Fund’s net assets that it manages in small capitalization companies, looks for companies whose stock price may not reflect the company’s value, and attempts to purchase the stocks of undervalued companies and hold each stock until the price has increased to, or is higher than, a level the managers believe more accurately reflects the value of the company. Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Primarily invests in mid capitalization companies and uses bottom-up fundamental analysis to make investment decisions. The strategy is designed to identify companies with attractive valuation, sound business fundamentals, and improving business momentum. Diamond Hill Capital Management, Inc. Typically invests in U.S. equity securities of small to medium market capitalization companies measured at the time of purchase. Diamond Hill’s objective with respect to its allocated portion is to seek long-term capital appreciation by investing in companies selling for less than Diamond Hill’s estimate of intrinsic value. LSV Asset Management Primarily invests in mid capitalization companies. LSV uses a bottom-up investment style, seeking to identify companies that are trading at prices substantially below their intrinsic value. MFS Investment Management Primarily invests in securities of companies with small capitalizations. MFS focuses on investing in the stocks of companies it believes are undervalued compared to their perceived worth (value companies). MFS uses an active bottom-up investment approach to buying and selling investments. Investments are selected primarily based on fundamental analysis of individual issuers. Russell Investment Management, LLC Completion Portfolio: Russell’s completion portfolio strategy will position its sleeve to better align the Fund’s overall positioning with Portfolio Solutions Team's (PST) targeted design. As an example, Russell's completion sleeve may help reduce overweight/underweights to things such as individual stocks, sectors or factors to acceptable levels determined and communicated to Russell by PST. For a more comprehensive review of the sleeve's benefits and risks, please reference the Fund's prospectus. Russell Investment Management, LLC Cash Equitization: Russell will utilize derivatives to gain equity market exposure for the cash held within the Fund. This strategy seeks to reduce the anticipated long-term, negative impact of cash drag on the Fund’s performance. Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC invests in small capitalization companies that typically possess one or more of the following attributes: business that results in relatively consistent longer-term earnings and cash flow growth, franchise/ asset value that may make the company attractive to potential acquirers, cyclically depressed earnings and/or cash flow that has potential for improvement, or a catalyst that will promote recognition of the company’s undervalued status. Vaughan Nelson Investment Management, L.P. Uses a bottom-up value-oriented investment process. Vaughan Nelson seeks companies that typically possess one or more of the following attributes: businesses earning a positive return on capital with stable-to-improving returns, valued at a discount to their asset value, and/or having an attractive and sustainable dividend level. <i>BlackRock Investment Management, LLC<i/>
  Off
  H3 Invests in equity securities with the objective of approximating the capitalization weighted total rate of return of the segment of the United States market for publicly traded equity securities represented by the Russell 1000® Growth Index. Info Icon Tiles (2 in a Row) Performance On
  Performance Disclaimer Historical Distributions On Fund Literature Access fund literature from the following links. Fact Sheet bb-download.png Summary Prospectus bb-download.png LEARN MORE LEARN MORE Footer top | BB Fund Disclaimer | SMCVF Bridgebuilder
